Hey, good morning family.
I'm excited to be with you again today.
First off, I just want to thank you all for the likes, the subscribes, and for clicking the notification bell.
I just want to tell you thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
It's helping us get the gospel out and we're getting many saved from the pits of hell.
I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is coming and He is coming real soon.
I just want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for helping us get the gospel out.
This video—I know the last one was a doozy; that was hard for me—but this one is another warning.
I'm called to tell you the hard things.
I'm not here to give you sugar, but I'm going to tell you another thing.
This is a warning that I got.
The Lord said, "You have authority to pray against some of this stuff.
" This is a serious thing.
I told you about the three men who were over things: I saw the man in the England/Europe area, the man in America, and the man in China who are very wealthy individuals that have a lot of influence against the world's thinking and judges with their billions of dollars.
That one man I saw had a meeting with the devil, and I told you about it—about mass mass shootings taking out people and rising up witchcraft against the body of Christ and against America to try to cause mass events to happen.
I don't want to get censored, so I'm trying to warn you.
When I was praying in the spirit, I was pushing my buggy down the aisles getting some things real quick.
My daughter and I were walking, and I pray in the spirit everywhere I go.
I pray for the staff and the people I come in contact with, that God would use me in a supernatural way in that grocery store or wherever I am.
I was just praying lightly under my breath.
All of a sudden, I got downloads from the Holy Ghost, and the Lord gave me an open-eyed vision of malls and attacks against malls during the holiday season, trying to disrupt people from buying Christmas gifts, impacting the economy, and attacks against people at major shopping centers.
The Lord told me that there was an assignment from the enemy trying to disrupt major shopping outlet malls, parades, and things like that for the Christmas season.
Take authority over your area, binding the devil.
You can just drive around in your car and pray, taking authority over your city.
Pray a covering over your law enforcement and the men and women who serve our nation.
Pray for wisdom that all hidden things be revealed, that no weapon formed against the people would prosper, and that you have a covering over your family, children, and grandchildren.
Pray that they would be in the right place at the right time—that a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
You are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
Take your place every day and say, "Father, I bind the devil thus far and no further.
Satan, you have no right, power, or authority over our area, and you will not come nigh us and harm us through any kind of terrorist attack or calamity.
" You have authority.
You can pray that way and protect your family.
I plead the blood from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
Angels of the Lord, go with them and protect them with their swords and shields drawn.
Father, I thank You that the angels would bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Use Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 as weapons.
Use those scriptures to pray for protection over your families.
As I said, I saw these events trying to take place during the holiday season in America, Europe, or wherever.
Pray that no weapon formed against you would prosper.
Then I saw a demonic plot—I have to be careful how I say this—against a major candidate running for president.
We need to pray for protection over this individual.
I've told you about it before, but we need to pray for protection against attempts on these people's lives.
We have to pray that God's hand of protection would protect them.
This is very serious for what I'm picking up in the spirit realm.
We're going to pray right now.
I know this was just a short video, but let's pray for the Christmas season, for the Thanksgiving parades, and for protection over these areas.
We have no reason to fear; we are children of the King.
We have authority over all this stuff.
God has granted us favor.
Like Sid Roth said when I was talking to him privately on the phone, "Brandon, I really believe you are a prophetic intercessor.
" My mentor told me the same: "I believe you walk in the prophetic, Braden, but I believe you have a prophetic intercessory gift that you see things coming and we have the ability to pray and change the direction of what you're seeing.
" Out of the mouths of two people I respect, Sid Roth and her, I believe that.
The Lord shows me things a lot; I've been seeing in the spirit since I was 16 years old.
I remember when Reinhard prayed for me; the power of God hit me.
He laid hands on my head and the power of God went through my body.
My life changed forever when Reinhard Bonnke prayed for me.
These giftings have developed like a spiritual muscle.
I see these things coming and the Lord warns me.
My main job when I started was to go on YouTube and teach my people to pray and tell them the things I'm seeing in the spirit.
Danger is coming, but we have the ability to pray.
We're powerful together.
We don't have to walk in fear.
We're the salt of the earth.
God's given us the authority.
I'm not here to preach fear.
I never am.
I'm here to warn you.
If we join together and we pray together, we are able to change things by the power of intercessory prayer.
I just want to tell you that I never want to come on here and be a doom and gloomer.
I hate that.
So, I'm not a doom and gloom person.
You can ask my kids and my wife.
I don't live in doom and gloom.
I live in abundance—abundance to the full until it overflows, believing God for the miraculous to happen every single day of my life.
Something supernatural: angel visitations, manifestations of the glory, laying hands on the sick, raising the dead, whatever it may be.
Jesus, here am I.
Use me and send me into the world.
That's where I put myself in a position every single day of my life.
Even if I'm going through a drive-thru and getting a drink, help my light shine through my face that people would see something different about me and they go, "Man, what is that?
" And it's just the glory of God.
I want to be a vessel that Jesus can use for these end times.
And I pray you are, too.
I pray that you're a vessel because we need to be that salt right now.
What a time of glory to rise up on us and to take authority over what the devil's trying to do in these last days.
He can't do it unless we just lay down and let him.
We have a power and authority, y'all, to change things.
And so right now in the name of Jesus, we have authority over you, devil.
And we command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering.
You will not hurt our people with any kind of calamity around us, around our families, around our wives, around our children, around our loved ones—aunts, uncles, cousins, whatever.
We hold the blood of Jesus over our homes, over our cars, over us.
When we go shopping, if we go into public, no weapon formed against us will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
We cover our homes in the blood.
We cover our house in the blood.
And we say in the name of Jesus, we are protected by your angels as we go about your business.
We're going about your business doing what you've called us to do.
And it's not to be afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
You've got our lives.
You protect us and you watch over us and you love us, and no harm comes nigh us.
And I thank you, Lord, for Psalm 91.
I thank you, Lord, for Psalm 23.
Father, we are seated with you.
You prepare a table before us in the presence of our enemies.
And Father, you're watching over us, and our cup runneth over.
Truly, goodness and mercy will follow us all the days of our life, and we will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
And we abide in you and you abide in us.
And I thank you, Father.
You've made us to be the light in this earth in these end times.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that we take authority over satanic attack, over mass casualties and shootings in Jesus' name.
And we bind you, devil, and you will not do this plan that I saw.
You will not do this.
We have authority over you.
We command you to cease and desist your maneuvering.
You stop it right now in Jesus' name.
You will not do this over our areas.
And Father, we thank you, Lord.
We give you all the glory and all the honor and all the praise for everything you're doing in our lives, God.
And we call for harvest over our finances.
We call for harvest over our houses and over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're wise and we're watchful over our surroundings.
Be smart.
Keep your eyes peeled.
The Lord will guide you and he'll show you.
Be watchful over where you're shopping, where you're at.
Look around.
Be like a private eye.
You know, God will use you in these end times, ladies and gentlemen, if you allow him to.
Jesus wants to be big in your life today.
And so I just want to say thank you for watching this video.
I hope this blessed you.
It's just a warning, things that I'm praying over, and I just want to say thank you for watching.
Y'all put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we are so grateful for everything you've done: the likes, the comments, all the things.
And so we will see you next time.
God bless you guys.
Bye-bye.